Here's some free intel.
The Raiders new leader is the man who's got his hand around your neck.
What is up?
Let's go over to the future with a forecast.
And it's the same as it's been all week.
That big bad storm is still moseying its way right along.
You should never underestimate the importance of the weather report.
It's how you prepare for what's coming.
How you survive in this world.
How you look over there.
I think we've got what we need.
Damon!
We were too slow.
What?
No!
They hadn't paid their bill yet!
She did not know what to do...
But still...
Answer me.
What the hell did you do with Amo?
Listen, guys.
I know you didn't mean to pick up some extra swag, but don't be mad.
Wait a sec.
You mean we're just the extras?
Everyone loves extras.
Really?
They do?
Never mind then.
Can y'all please lock in?
So, what's the tea?
Hey, why'd you come after a boy, huh?
Mere moments ago, you were fretting over the cleaner's lack of readiness, Ruto.
You see how foolish that was?
Life on the ground trains us to be constantly on guard.
That's why you were never left alone.
Why you're not alone even now.
And why I was certain this would happen.
I conduct self-defense.
So, I couldn't even send you any mage Tower kits.
Lembino
Crap!
A Trash Lantern?
Seriously?!
Screw this!
Keep fighting and you're just gonna end up dead.
Relax. Let the current do its thing.
Maybe grab onto something.
Perfect. Just perfect. It's multiple choice.
Come on! Stay sharp, people!
No time! I mean it!
The only ones dying today are those raider motherfuckers!
That's all? Where the hell did you see-
That question's irrelevant. Where they are doesn't matter.
They have no part to play in all this.
However, I don't like letting things go to waste.
Udo! You heard your mans. We gotta go play with the free swag!
You and the boss better play nice now.
Masahiro!
But only if you have the guts.
How dare you tie a lock to me?
Alright, we're on to the fun."
That liar was a good guy, Tristana catches every man with just one will and some tricks.
If we aren't on top of the heads, it'd be even worse.
I'm only here so we can share that rage.
My name is Zodal Typhon.
How would you like to take down the sphere with me?
Hey, you got eyes and ears but you don't look or listen.
In other words, you're useless to every last one of ya.
And that's why I'm gonna send you all to hell.
All of humanity.
Hell!
Say yes, your size of the dojo so you can dream.
I'm just the type you forget so don't waste your time.
Yeah, chicken and cream, I don't shake or insane.
Somebody's gotta pay while I live with the pain.
Like me now, I'm one you can't tame.
Face up, then die, then.
No, this is so cute.
I'm only here so we can share that rage.
Let's riot.
Get back, get trashed.
Let's cross cross.
Let's go.
Who the heck is this?
Yet again, t tematemtyou?
Forget about your music and crap between you two.
Another slightly vintage singer scene to catch you by surprise.
Networkerbert's been harvesting fallah for years.
I forgot how much I paid him for my treatment while I was symptoms-p染ing into steroids.
Take down the sphere?
For real?
...
That's it. You saw it too, didn't you?
Don't misunderstand me.
I've never seen the sphere, nor is there any means for me to learn more about it.
The point isn't bringing down a thing.
It's what we do to our target.
...
...Ruto. What you just imagined was no tragedy.
You weren't seeing those you care for, but rather the deserving targets of your wrath.
...
Hey!
Don't think I can...
I can't see what you're doing.
So answer my question now!
What did you do to Amaleth? You stole her boots,
and where the hell are the other cleaners, you psycho raider piece of trash?!
You're the one not answering questions, not me.
I gave you an answer,
in my own way.
The rules of a conversation are, I ask, you answer.
Then you ask, and I answer.
I loathe waste in all its forms.
So please stop making me waste my time.
Stop making me waste words.
And listen.
What the hell?
What's wrong with this guy?
Who tells someone they're talking wrong?
This is so much worse than how our first conversation with Amo went.
With her, it was like talking to a wall.
But this guy...
Feels like he's got me captive with his words.
I haven't restocked since we got back.
But I at least still have some trash on me.
I've got options if it comes to it.
Is it really that trivial?
You're just worried for Amo and the Cleaners.
Answer me this.
What was your reason for joining the Cleaners?
To get back up to the Sphere.
I joined the Cleaners to find a way back.
And what made you think you could trust anything they told you?
Traveling to the Sphere is in no way a part of the Cleaners' purview.
They only help when it serves them, and abandon when it doesn't.
Surely you realize...
They're just feeding you the lies you want to hear.
And you're the only one who can tell them.
Is that truly enough for you?
Their false friendship?
I can still taste it.
Oh great, that's not coming out.
So gross.
Okay, what the hell is this place?
And where are the guys?
Yoo-hoo! Is anybody home?
Hello?
Are you expecting someone to answer?
Or are you just a scared kitten,
kneeling for its mother?
Neither is very becoming of you.
Oh snap! Just getting straight to the smack-talk, huh?
Okay, first thing though.
Was this always the plan?
Like, did you guys really do all this work to separate us,
just so you could fight us one-on-one?
Damn, you guys are more straight-up than I gave you credit for.
You are correct.
We are straight-up.
We've taken great pains to carry out this mission as such.
Cause if we don't...
Boss will cuss us out big time.
Bring it on.
In a minute.
You ain't excited?
Mr. Bad Attitude!
I'm mad hyped for this!
The day when you mess me up good.
I can't remember what the plan was.
But the second I saw him,
whatever was going on didn't matter anymore.
Everything was replaced with a single thought.
I guess we lost a few of your wonderful friends,
so that was a bad idea.
No...
I...
vivo!
Come on, ghetto!
Progress!
До peers аруден заруб xD
What could it be? There's some mad hurglin' and gurglin'!
Man, look at all this bubbly here on our little battle stage.
Not gonna hold you, I don't know what's in it.
But let's give it a touch anyway.
No!
Mmm.
That's hot.
What the hell? What'd he do to his claw?
You remember my right claw, yeah? Nasty neurotoxin, all that jazz.
Well, I get bored mad quick.
Good news is, I can switch up my left one.
Let's me test new toxins with it. Keeps things interesting.
Come on, Mr. Bad Attitude.
Move those fancy feet!
Ready, set, dance!
Hmm...
That's weird. What happened, everybody?
Hmm?
Ah...
Reggie!
Ah!
Roachie!
Look, me and Bugs are good, for the most part. But Roaches are just freaky.
Hmm...
Huh? Seriously?
You live here on the ground, you're a cleaner. But cockroaches scare you.
How soft can you cleaners be? It's shameful.
You just can't wait to judge people.
Though, in my defense, I'm not the worst offender.
You see, we got this one guy with us.
Toss a little poo on him and he'll scream till your ears bleed.
Yo, what you do?
Simple. It's not like touching this crap's gonna take me out of the fight.
And I've had worse flung at me. I mean literal shit.
If you wanna get high on your own supply, I'll do you a solid!
Overtoning Earth!
Hehehe...
I am so done with your shit.
Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey there.
Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.
YOOOOOO!
Seriously.
Hey. I'm dying here.
At least say something so I know I'm not hallucinating out of boredom.
Like... I don't know, something?
Whatcha thinking?
Well...
I know you guys want Ruto and me and mine are making that hard.
You got me all by my lonesome. Why not gang up on me?
Not the smartest to send one guy. No offense.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
Oh man. This guy's so freakin' cool.
For real.
What is this place?
Just a little bit.
It's like we fell into a city that fell into a cave.
How about it?
Am I close?
Well...
We're underground. So partly.
Give your choker a try if you don't believe me.
Look at that. They're not working.
You'd think they would fix that. Make our jobs a whole lot easier.
Guess we're doing this without reinforcements.
As Zodel's First Order dictates.
In the event that Ruto is joined by anyone, you must defeat as many as possible all on your own.
My name is Nuerd Huu Amozo. And you're going to be my offering, little kitten.
Let's mix the kitten stuff. Okay? Ryo's fine.
However, I feel like I should mention that fighting people's not really my bag.
Too bad. I don't really care. You should take this seriously for your friend's sake. They don't have much time.
Better not screw around then.
Impressive. Bash and then slice. I can't afford to let my guard down for a second.
Aw, come on. I like to keep my scissors blood free.
So don't worry too much about your pretty skin. Of course, that makes your silky hair 100% fair game.
That comb's your vital instrument, yeah? Makes me think your hair's your main weapon.
Which sucks for you. I mean, scissors beats hair. Them's the rules.
Snip, snip.
** grill noises **
** SARAH'S TEASHIRTS CAKING **
***
I know you're not dead, so you can knock off the act, okay?
Come on, man, quit playing. There's no way we're done.
Don't tell me that was it.
There's no way. That bastard got it worse last time and was still kicking.
Good luck, Shabba, you genius!
You can bust this out. He can take it. He can take it.
So long. It's been so long. Too long!
Since someone can force the real me out!
You have got to be kidding me.
That's the real him? So this whole damn time, he's been holding back?
Zanka, my friend, don't be shy. You can go all out now, too.
Come on, man. You got another level tucked away, don't you?
Yeah. Ain't no way swinging that stick around your whole thing, right?
Hurry up. I wanna get real nasty.
The hell? What happened? Why can't I move?
Everything hurts.
Hey, question. Why touching your hair feel like stabbing in my veins?
Zanka!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
But this feels like...
Wait a sec. Your hair isn't silky. Really.
You know, plastic is an insulator. It's why cones make static.
Sometimes it can even make sparks. Dry air plays a part, but it's mostly the plastic.
I'm sure you've dealt with this. With my plastic instrument. And long hair.
And long hair.
But thank god, I torture the same raise.
I swear I don't do everything around my hair.
And now I have a Alexis of her parade Mother gladiator component.
Oh ho ho!
That's good enough for your hair.
depths and evolves
Now the point is...
This buyback down below, don't you see?
And this is yourOh!
I can't see anything.
I'm sure our
I'm sure all of you might already understand.
Z Z Z said that.
it says so r n
It's always like a spin over.
And I thought theуры are what you're gonna buy.
And there're more?
was I kidding.
Now, more!
Thank you for watching!
See you next time!